Fix: improve speed of trees with MAE criterion from O(n^2) to O(n log n) (#32100)
scikit-learn/scikit-learn: doc/modules/tree.rst

    H(Q_m) = \frac{1}{n_m} \sum_{y \in Q_m} |y - median(y)_m|

> Note that it fits slower than the MSE criterion.

Author: TBH, we could maybe just remove this line. For a typical use case, it's not even ~3x slower than the MSE, so...

Reviewer: Yeah this comment is probably an artifact of the old implementation. Perhaps we can be more informative given your initial experiments, and say it is slower O(nlogn) vs O(n) in the splitting? So ppl can use their best judgement?

WDYT @ogrisel ?

Author: Well, splitting requires sorting so it's O(n log n) for all criterions. Though MAE does add an "additional" n log n in the criterion part of the code which indeed is O(n) for the other criterions. Hence it's a constant slower. That's why in my comparison with MSE [here](https://github.com/scikit-learn/scikit-learn/pull/32100#issuecomment-3272382440) the ratio is stable with regard to n (MSE is 5x faster). In my comparison, I used d=1 for X, but for a greater the ratio is smaller (typically, for d=20, MSE is 3x faster). 

So, I vote for either:
- removing this comment
- giving some real numbers: "Note that it fits 3 to 5 times slower than the MSE criterion.". This might change a bit in the future but not too much, so the range 3-5 should remain informative, except for a very major refactor of the code.

Author: ```suggestion
Note that it is 3–5× slower to fit than the MSE criterion as of version 1.8.
```

Sounds good?
